Prefer random_password over random_id (#11425)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-networks/deploy-tunnels/deployment-guides/ansible.md

   ---
   filename: Cloudflare-config.tf
   ---
   # Generates a 64-character secret for the tunnel.
   # Using `random_password` means the result is treated as sensitive and, thus,

>    # not displayed in console output. See: https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/random/latest/docs/resources/password

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   # not displayed in console output. Refer to: https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/random/latest/docs/resources/password
```

   filename: Cloudflare-config.tf
   ---

>    # Generates a 35-character secret for the tunnel.

Reviewer 2: we should probably update this (and the same comment in the other file), maybe a short note on why we're doing the non-obvious step

   filename: Cloudflare-config.tf
   ---
   # Generates a 35-character secret for the tunnel.
   # Using `random_password` means the result is treated as sensitive and, thus,
   # not displayed in console output. See: https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/random/latest/docs/resources/password
   resource "random_password" "tunnel_secret" {

>      length = 64

Reviewer: In the comment above, we say "Generates a 35-character secret for the tunnel." Therefore, should length = 35?

Author: done 532eb947ca0f5bbfba3f6fbfda2585beb0c085e5
